Enable confirm quit by default (#1440)
neovide/neovide: website/docs/configuration.md

screen. This uses the so called "windowed fullscreen" mode that is sometimes used in games which
want quick window switching.

#### Confirm Quit

```vim
let g:neovide_confirm_quit=v:false
" or
let g:neovide_confirm_quit=0
```

> When buffer having unsaved changes, setting `g:neovide_confirm_quit` to a boolean value will confirm quit
> before closing neovide window. Enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to `true`, quitting while having unsaved changes will require confirmation.
Enabled by default.
```

I think this wording is clearer.

Author: Done
